john people yes was here and welcome to
another new policy is coming up here
call or duty black face is it all
nobody is screaming through a knife
to talk to his mother another
language but we are going to try today with
win your sim free pro book on the mat
take-off ' it wieder an area with a
peacekeeper sauce cheese in the peacekeeper
is a pilsie weapon from the very first
that l'cie of place or two
and the man who plays again makes sense then
a remake of the grindstones of black
or is one
and is from the very last map pack
in between you see
but on late I map a matte map pack 4
and there perth
from the standard game of course because you
do not have a partially ip workshop
maybe there was going reenactment
man then twingo good who has a call of duty
make extra puppies in the game
and deals ie this of those about peacock
parks
but you about that normal perth that that
I always think nice idea is that man
I do make nice dough typical
Cubist who has l'cie weapon
of course one that also deals on those
the xbox 360 xbox one for call of duty
ghosts x thought i'm also playing with
the deals that barbecue
we are going to have a good look or growth
scoring can go back sometime
sodeknetter size or sit there itself
still to dude what the fuck do you guys
turn the chair with his two
we put something in the k with the two of us
why it will already leave them tasty
champion
They sat in pairs to a room kemp
I feel quite good, I think all
nice and they animal penny penny
fast aperture in which you go with you
sniper chair
oh what the fuck
in it you with your save purchase
sodeknetter man peace cup is a young
nice barbecuing people said yes
it is pretty cunt why me again
person the peacekeeper very nice weapon
to use it is a bit of a
sos rivals they might be purely natural
because he can on the long distances
but he is also good at shooting
short distances shoot there is it is one
or shingle glues
my machine what the fuck nsl rival in
a sir machine gun and the dermis on the
long distance is also a reasonable one
high it was absolutely top and of course
bag and sl doubts and maybe win
with another high damage on the
long distances is just really a whole
chill snack
lots of people from this also normal cunt
weapon to use but yes i like
him nice and then of course it comes to
because you also just have to use weapons
were you like like someone
otherwise says of hairy pussy weapon must
especially you didn't think right away
they can not be used again and again
your own co
making and saying I think it's here
super chill or I cunt in the cinemas
and our own opinion and you need your neck there
also stay with and jump crashing here too
and then tricks on goalkeeper Johan near you
when tricks picked up how because at the
touch oh not normal anymore
and walk who it is
probably because the cottage
none of them gone and suggests shopping
what the heck
so then I mean this one maybe
I'm just watching the farther thing
shoot man is then normal for the
summa shingle beautiful queens merchant me
got into the guardian that is very, very beautiful
way is because I have nothing on
but we are going to put it somewhere
so put clothes on that thing and immediately
get it sometime
there is also a thank you here
know once again shocked by just had
him and I also urge 5
more pressure on it only later than that
suggests shopper is gone that's never been so
beautiful as such enables shoppers in the air
and you are controlling your killstreak
then you can of course go through it again
just plain garni you can do that
thanks can of course covering she had to
just cover that and he likes them
pleasures guardia let's go man with you
a boss you just make suppress ors
where is that an emmy than that very nice
I taste supressor but there is none
enemy
yes that tick then is so beautiful and with and
He is also a city driver from the
air seamstress I can have such a theme
bring experienced epic invocations I can
let's see if i'm there
oh shit oh shit oh shit what kids with it
can get and sit there a boy
did you ever see you
haha cunt camper you are really a cunt
kempen that you custom communal condom
bitch come but come but come true
are you
is that seriously already you're dead now
where is that dead man I completely
running at the back what is he dying
show million million million million
must endure desk man i dono and
nothing at all and nobody and 25 times
I don't like my tracker enemy
now that is no joke if you can
I don't win anymore
ok i want my rings soon
experience but first try
to walk a little closer to
First of all, their neighbors play
of course also win
Seriously he thought I was just sitting already
a time the preschoolers new focus man
just focus
periscope and back also it would i saw me
arrive man come on come on come on even
focus young people equally focus now is this
guy upstairs please year upstairs
thank you
thank you so much because one behind me
thank you and I still have one out of three
if you came next to me in my guardian
drop man i thought i was a young
make video and guardian and do n't get either
all expect
I want a ring of my ring or
fire last shit when i got that bow
achieved nice but smooth that thing
let's sit down on our winx
do not teleport you in the do I want that
of my or three if I are 6 to
very big difference for the latter
kids but we have to know how
it must now blow him two
time if no we are going to lose a game
We are going to play a game of police
just kidding i have 2 goals
crap
no no no no no holy shit you are
bad but with that thing
thank you thank you thank you me
must enter either three or three years
have two more in the rods approximately
equal
now it is all about tension now it goes
relax okay we have two more
Amateur two I still I have a
I still have one more thing must
around and evening also an oh oh oh we
are going to be the biggest game you go
puddle also can not be otherwise
let's go fucking hell crazy cheerful he
loved
he is loved by a jar loved
he could not stand, I think now good
played
unfortunately my trigger of that ability
so call boys anyway of course
sorry for that because i did have it
and I want him in the corner too
I want to win it like me
cover my father in group i had
probably puccini ordinary she white
oak
no myth seems like home likes
of course more space as two and up to the
follow again with people and where
war is three times back
as in holly really was really whole
bad and I don't see it either
see there was just loved man that guy
had 29 kills and when I kill my final
he was just porte de loves
and played I think I think I do n't know
what else about it then was but
importance to look at people up for it
beginner bye bye again